refactor(final_refactoring): do some code refactoring and optimization (#1)
AlexMomot-717/python-project-rates-api: README.md

Reviewer: what do you think about this structure, would it be clearer?

```md
# Rates API

<description>

## Setup

### Docker

<info on how to start app with docker>

### Local installation

<info on how to install dependencies and start app locally>

## Usage

<info on how to reach the app: via curl, browser, etc>
```

# Rates API

> The application is an API tool for navigation prices rates.

Reviewer: wdyt about tool for navigating rates/for navigation in rates?

```suggestion
The application is an API tool for navigating rates.
```

Open new terminal window in application source and launch "curl" request with parameters:

```
docker exec -it rates_api curl "http://127.0.0.1:8000/rates?date_from=2016-01-01&date_to=2016-01-10&origin=CNSGH&destination=NLRTM"
```
or
```

> docker exec -it rates_api curl "http://localhost:8000/rates?date_from=2016-01-01&date_to=2016-01-10&origin=CNSGH&destination=NLRTM"

Reviewer: would it make sense to include `curl` calls without using container shell? imo pretty much everyone has `curl` locally
